BlogWow tool - a blogging tool for Sakai

Source available here!

To install:
Run the following build commands from the root source directory for the tool.
(maven 1): maven sakai
(maven 2): mvn clean install sakai:deploy

DB tables will be created automatically.

To Uninstall:
Manually you need to do the following (from tomcat dir):
rm -rf webapps/sakai-blogwow*
rm -rf components/sakai-blogwow-pack/
rm shared/lib/sakai-blogwow*

Then do this in the DB:
DROP TABLE blogwow_comment;
DROP TABLE blogwow_entry;
DROP TABLE blogwow_blog;


This project was generated by Sakai App Builder -AZ
To use this project, you should copy this entire folder and all the files
into your sakai source directory. If you do not know what that is you may
want to check this website out:
	http://bugs.sakaiproject.org/confluence/display/BOOT

Now that you have copied this over to your sakai source directory (or maybe it
was already there), you should run the following command from within the root directory of your new project to download all the
dependencies using maven and compile the code:
	maven bld

Now you can import the project into eclipse (using the current location)
or continue using it in eclipse if you created it in your sakai source tree.

Frequently Asked Questions:
Q: I have missing dependencies in the project I just created in Eclipse, what do I do?
A: You need to run 'maven bld' in the project root directory first to download the
dependencies using maven. Then do a clean and build in Eclipse and the errors will
go away.

Q: How do I create multiple eclipse projects like some Sakai tools do?
A: This plugin does not support that practice. You are welcome to split things
apart if you like though I do not recommend that.


Comments or questions about the plugin should go to Sakai Dev (sakai-dev@apereo.org)